This game, "Treasure Gen", was the latest of my creations. I put heavy focus into
creating a semi-RPG with character stats, equipment, elemental buffs, enemy stats,
battles, and random treasure generation (hence the name). The game starts in a field
where the player can choose from 3 locations:

Store: at the bottom right, the store comes with the ability to buy a piece of the 
six possible equipment with randomized stats and elemental buffs for 100 gold each

Colosseum: at the top left, the colosseum let's the player fight enemies of varying
level. The level of the enemy is random, but lower level enemies are more likely to
be fought than the higher levels. Higher levels are harder, but also provide more
random loot. Player health is shown at the lower left with enemy health at the top
right. The first fight is always against an easy opponent to let the player win.

Church: at the bottom middle, player can click this to save their game or reset
everything back to their initial values. The game is always automatically loaded
at the beginning when the game is opened, so to re-load, just close and re-open the
game. (Saved info: equipment and current gold amount)


Random drops in the game come as such:
Gold: drops between 1 and 100 gold
Gem: drops a rare gem that is worth hundred of gold, can be "perfect" doubling it worth
Weapon: drops a random weapon of random material, stats, and possible element buff
Helmet: drops a random helmet that comes with similar randomizing as weapon
Chestplate: drops a random chestplate that comes with similar randomizing as weapon
Gloves: drops a random pair of gloves that comes with similar randomizing as weapon
Boots: drops a random pair of boots that comes with similar randomizing as weapon
Rune: drops a random rune that comes with an elemental buff


Elemental buffs:
Fire - player attack = attack x 1.2 (stacks exponentially)
Earth - increases the weapon/armor's material quality by one, raising stats (no earth
runes since runes don't have material quality or stats)
Wind - player defense = defense x 1.2 (stacks exponentially)
Water - player health + 50 (stacks linearly)
Lightning - player speed + 10 (stacks linearly, for each 10 speed a player has, they
get another attack)

Battles:
Just click on the enemy to do damage. Enemy attack automatically.